---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/upd-and-jrnl/2025-08-06/"}
---

# Dear code,
Lately, I've been thinking.

---
---
## Updates
- Finished work on the LTM and STM pipeline for the Twitch bot ✅
	
- Experimenting on the autonomous-messaging system on the Discord bot
	- To be included in the Twitch bot, which would then:
		- Make Vera fully autonomous in conversations and speech
			
		- Pave way for more experimentation on LLM-based matters
	
- Transitioning to learning about UI/UX/GUI designing.

---
### On another note:
- Finished fleshing out a roadmap for myself
	- The roadmap will not be definite, but it is a silhouette of the path that I've yet to face.

---
---
## Journal
I willed myself into hitting the gym at 5am, and subsequently, fixing my sleep and overall schedule of the day.
This means no more gaming 'til 3am, no more dozing off at 9am, no more half-dead half-alive state in the morning. I hope; no, I **must**; keep this up.
There is hope for me yet. I've taken some serious steps, to falter now is to betray the foundations I've spent nearly the entire summer building: all of the motivation talks, all of the hours crying alone, all of the efforts, everything I put myself through.

--------------------

Mother keeps nagging about me picking a job, **that I did**. But I do *not* think she should know.
Asians can't afford that kind of support for content creating, apparently - and for reasons I find... valid, from unstable income to low chance of blowing up given the digital market at the moment. In fact, VTubing has always been considered a side hustle, even for big shots of the industry.
But given the employment trend of now, what about 10-15 years later?
Moreover, even if my prediction about the job market is wrong, my roadmap also included stable corporate jobs to support myself and is well within my capabilities, so what's the big deal?