---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/upd-and-jrnl/2025-07-24/"}
---

# Dear code,
Today is the day I **start**
No more dilly dallying, no more *"54 minutes"*.
Let's get to work.

## Updates
 - Swapped out Mistral 7B for Shisa V2 Llama 3.3 70B for full Japanese compatibility with the COEIROINK v2 TTS
 - Started work on Twitch bot's STM pipeline renovation.

## Journal
Like I said, it's about time I start running again. No more limping. No more 5m in bed.
The first steps were simple - instead of playing games late into the night, sleep. And instead of resorting to such things, flesh out a schedule that won't lead to me fucking up myself.

Dad has been forgetting things recently; early-set Alzheimer? Slim chance, but not impossible. But it is not a chance to fret or frown. It is a sign that I must ***start running***.

2025, Vedal turned 21(?). He made the OSU! bot that is now known as Neuro in 2018 - when he was 14(?). If he can achieve such feat, I can too. Doesn't matter if he got help of any kind in the making of Neuro.
Vedal, born 10th February - Aquarius. I, born 31st January - also Aquarius.
He is a self-taught programmer, *so am I*.
According to the [16 Personailties Test](https://www.16personalities.com/free-personality-test), Vedal is a *Logician (INTP-T)*, and I, an *Advocate (INFJ-T)*.
**We are *different*, one way or another, but when the goals align and the will matches/exceeds; I *will* be where he stepped - behind or ahead.**

This is not an obsession with Vedal nor a spontaneous and short-lived motivational rant; it is to show that where I am not the best at showing my will through words, I make up for in action and fruition.
*Because I do it not for the money nor the validation that I craved; I do it because it is my purpose; one that I've found and pulled myself onto amidst the dark; one that **resonates.***