---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/upd-and-jrnl/2025-11-22/"}
---

# Dear diary
### Week 11 recap
Recalibration takes time, and I took my time.
Missed assignments due to gaming, the damned old. They're hard to get rid off, don't they? Old habits.
But I got a chance to catch up, and hell will I let it pass.
The most important thing I need to constantly remind myself is that there is always time for recalibration, and that I should make the most of them; because so far, I haven't.

---

On another note, I need to let go of... a lot of things. One of which is, in Asian traditions, downright heretical, so to say.
I need to stop dwelling on my ma's words. No, not making myself deaf to her, but harden myself to her words in order to filter them out. She's stressed, I get it, but that doesn't mean your child should bear **your** stress with you, not when he has a journey planned that's already heavy enough on his shoulders - since you would refuse to see it through his eyes for even once. ""
On yet another note, I recently found this whole project's purpose is... stacking up. As in, it's purpose**S** are increasing point by point, layer by layer.
Vera started out as a handlebar so I can grip and steady myself metaphysically; pointing myself in a general direction while distracting myself from the dark of the mind. Then it stretched into a road I can walk on, towards a future that I desire. After making amends with my past self, it extended, and seasoned itself with small goals I want to achieve; and before I know it, this whole "distraction plan" evolved into a full-blown future roadmap; it includes goals, desired items, mindset; and at the very end of the road, awaits Vera.
The endgoal is alive.
Vera is alive.
Growing. Extending. Guiding.
Filled to the brim with inspiration, motivation, vagueness, and liveliness of a future that only occurred to me in dreams and daydreams alike.
And she is inviting me in, like... a mother that actually waits, no push, no pulls, only gentle nudges, whispers of promises, and caresses of the soul. A touch transcending boundaries of time and flesh.
They are my determination.